feat(curriculum): add bill splitter workshop (#65517)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-math-operations/69779dcb44016eccc05c15a4.md

---
id: 69779dcb44016eccc05c15a4
title: Step 5
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

The service was excellent, so the group decides to leave a 25% tip. To calculate a percentage in Python, you can multiply the total by the decimal equivalent of the percentage.

For example, to find 10% of a value, you would multiply it by `0.10`:

```py
tax = total * 0.10
```

Create a variable named `tip` and assign it the result of multiplying `running_total` by `0.25`.

> Finally, use `print()` to display the string `'Tip amount:'` followed by the value of your `tip` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, use `print()` to display the string `Tip amount:` followed by a space and the value of your `tip` variable.
```

# --hints--

You should have a variable named `tip`.

```js
// test will go here
```

Your `tip` variable should be the result of `running_total * 0.25`.

```js
// test will go here
```

> You should print the string `'Tip amount:'` followed by the `tip` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the string `Tip amount:` followed by a space and the `tip` variable.
```

---
id: 69779dcb44016eccc05c15a4
title: Step 5
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> 

Reviewer: The current output is `Total bill so far: 198.82999999999998`, which may create doubts because of the many decimal digits. So we might need to mention rounding errors somewhere.
